welcome to Broadmoor Apartments where
our service and amenities will give you
better living in Richmond's West End our
fully renovated community and apartment
arms will make coming home to Broadmoor
your first choice Broadmoor apartments
is 15 minutes from Richards downtown
area in the heart of the fashionable
West End Richmond is filled with history
and culture amidst the modern world
class universities and corporate
headquarters convenience to i-64 I 95 i
295 and route 288 make all areas of
Richmond and its surrounding counties
easy to visit for work or play the
gateway between Washington DC the Blue
Ridge Mountains and the coast of
Virginia Broadmoor is perfectly placed
for comfort and convenience whether its
water sports or the ballet you love
you'll find it in this wonderfully
diverse capital city broad moors West
End location means convenience beyond
compare with the city's newest shopping
mecca's close by Richmond's finest
restaurants and entertainment options
are only minutes from Broadway your new
home bring all the necessities home
without starting the car living at
Broadmoor you can walk to stores and
restaurants within 10 minutes of your
apartment you'll find Short Pump Town
Center Innsbruck office parking shops
and West Creek office Park for outdoor
recreation visit one of many Henrico
County parks and recreational facilities
where you'll find walking trails
wildlife dog parks and Nature Center and
year-round activities for all ages
Broadmoor means of community
Comfort in mind the West End is the
perfect location for Broadmoor
apartments where our amenities add to
the ease of your life the grand
clubhouse with exercise and social areas
include a full staff dedicated to
customer service broad moors beautiful
pool complete with a four-season grill
area is a perfect way to spend a
relaxing day at home the fitness center
is available 24 hours a day and comes
equipped for both cardio and
strength-training
bring your toddler with you and you both
get a workout there's a designated play
area for active children while you work
out broad more serene wooded landscape
has plenty of room for your pets to get
their exercise too pets are welcomed
with some limitations the tennis courts
and sand volleyball courts are great
places to meet friends or make new ones
public transportation employer discounts
and short-term leases are also available
for your convenience Broadmoor
apartments gives you the choice between
six distinctive one and two bedroom
floor plans our newly renovated
apartment homes offer the size and
convenience you need with modern elegant
touches large living rooms offer plenty
of space for entertaining or quiet
relaxation and has an entry to your
private patio or balcony patios and
balconies have additional exterior
storage and plenty of room for further
every apartment at Broadmoor features a
washer and dryer and sleek remodel
kitchens and baths the fully equipped
kitchens feature new black appliances
gorgeous new cabinets over the range
microwave and breakfast bar recharge at
home in front of our available
wood-burning fireplaces or kick back and
watch your favorite TV program enjoy a
quiet evening at home soaking in a hot
bath in the beautifully renovated
bathroom Broadmoor apartments are
designed for your comfort with modern
conveniences and room for your life come
home to Broadmoor apartments if you
haven't seen us lately you haven't seen
us
you